# ElectraCITY
### A digital version of the ElectraCITY activity by the [Science and Engineering Challenge](https://www.newcastle.edu.au/college/engineering-science-environment/education/science-and-engineering-challenge/our-activities) 
---
## Overview
**Authors:** James Davies, Axel Ello <br>
**Game Engine:** Unity <br>
**Description:**
- Draw electricity from the generators to power the city! 
- Connect wires between buildings to extend the powerline and score points based on the powered building
- Challenge yourself with 3 levels of difficulty and options to remove different kinds of wires
## Project Structure of Main Files
**/Assets/Audio** - Audio files  <br>
**/Assets/Colorblind Effect** - Colorblind filter files  <br>
**/Assets/Images** - Miscellaneous sprites including UI elements and power generators  <br>
**/Assets/Images/BG Objects** - Background object sprites  <br>
**/Assets/Images/Consumers** - Consumer object sprites (buildings)  <br>
**/Assets/Prefabs** - Prefabricated game objects <br>
**/Assets/Resources** - Miscellaneous files, currently contains JSON for tutorial dialogue <br>
**/Assets/Scenes** - .Unity files for each game scene <br>
**/Assets/Scripts** - C# scripts <br>
## Prefabs
### BGObject
Background objects for the main game scene. Composed of a blank square sprite. Upon starting a game session, a number of these objects are generated via Global.cs with a random sprite. <br>
**Connector** - Circles that generate below consumers and generators, allowing for wires to be attached between these objects. 1-3 are generated per object randomly via Global.cs. <br>
**Consumer** - Consumer objects for the main game scene (buildings). They provide score when power is successfully supplied to them. These are composed of a large blank square to hold the consumer's main sprite, a lightbulb prefab that communicates if the consumer has received power, and a smaller square with a text element to hold the consumer's score. These are randomly generated in Global.cs with the amount of consumers dictated by conCount in Scenario.cs. <br>
**Generator** - Generator objects for the main game scene. They provide power to connected consumers. These are composed of a preset generator sprite. The amount of these per generated scenario is dictated by genCount in Scenario.cs. <br>
**Global** - Gameobject for storing "global" functions for main game logic in the main scene. Composed of Global.cs. <br>
**OptionsMenu** - Options menu UI used in both game scenes. Contains various options that store values in an object that uses StaticValues.cs to determine global variables throughout runtime. <br>
**UI** - Main game scene UI. Contains background image and wire options. <br>
## Scenes
**Menu.unity** - Main menu scene. Main navigation options include a button to the "Tutorial" (scene changes), "Start" to open the start menu and "Options" to open the options menu. The start menu contains a drop down to select difficulty, check boxes for red and yellow wires, and a field for entering the generation seed. Beginning a game session from here will write these values to StaticValues which are then used by Global to generate the Electracity_Board.unity scene. Selecting the tutorial generates similarly to the start menu, however the Tutorial game object in game board scene will be active. <br>
**Electracity Board.unity** Main game scene. Contains all consumers and generators with connectors that are generated by Global. Global also allows for game logic to apply to the scene, including the tracking of powerlines and their score from generators that are connected to consumers via Generators.cs, and the power status of consumers via Consumers.cs. The Tutorial game object has a component for Tutorial.cs. This is only active when tutorial is selected, and contains children including a dialogue box that reads from Tutorial.json in Dialogue.cs to display text sequentially and a cursor that appears during certain lines of dialogue. 
## Main Systems
### Generation
### Power Management
### Wire Mechanics 
### Scoring
### Tutorial
### Menu Navigation
